# What'sHappening.com
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/7IFWIRsS_p8
#### Description:
This is my final project for CS50x. It's a social media website for really close friends. Throughout the project there is something I call 'parties' because I didn't knew what woulb be a better word but they are actually meant to symbolize me telling the group of friends selected something like this: "My house will be free to hang out at this date, everybody who wants to chill and maybe figure out what we will do next are welcome to come!", I guess we could use some What'sApp group for that but whit me it allways happens that when I send an important message everybody remembers to start endless conversations and my message will never be read so I have to call people individually. And if I forgot someone they would be mad at me.
Another thing I would tlike to discuss: the bannes; I know it sounds silly but I am 20 years old and when we get a nice friends-for-a-long-time-all-boys group together we are completely childs. On the other hand, when there are girls (and alcohol and music and those things that usually are in parties) we turn into 'wild animals'. So one tatic from a friend of mine that houses a lot of parties is banning someone for a week or so, depending on the incident. Maybe it wouldn't be obviuous to most of people but this is why I include it. It was actually what gave birth to the whole idea of the site lol.

The site is divided in three big parts:
-The groups:-you can create a group; or see details about some group you're in: -you can add members, -you can leave the group.
-The houses:-you can create a house; or see details about one of your houses: -you can add/remove parties, -you can add/remove bans.
-Index: is the page where both parts are crossed. A 'schedule' is shown where you can see next parties and bans yet to be fully served (haha). The data is displayed by chronological order. Every party has a dot next to it:-green:you can go;-red:you can't go(because you are ban).

In the groups section I have a route "/mygroups" with a message "No groups to display" or, if there are groups to display, a stripped list with every group the user is in (either because he created or because someone added them into it). Next to each name of the group (which btw acts as primary key even if its not signal as so to SQL; I'll talk more about it later) there is a button 'details' wich leads us to the group management page of the specific group, route "/group_management/{{group_name}}/{{dic_of_members}}". Then there is shown a list with every member of the chosen group as well as an option to leave the group (wich automatically will make the user not be in the group anymore, it is not reversible by the same user) as well as an option to add a member to the group, there is not needed this third user confirmation (i chose this bc it is meant to be something personal like sms number or what'sapp, so it is unlikely that someone is going to talk to strangers guessing his usernames).
The groups could not have a PRIMARY KEY (not a usefull one) bc the table users is constituded by line with a id of a user and a group they are on, since a group has more than one member and PRIMARY KEYS can not be repeated I did not add a PRIMARY KEY and instead used the name of the group to do querys.

The house section is more complex in the sense it has more funcionalities. The "/myhouses" route works the same way as "/mygroups". The same happens with the "/house_management/{{house_username}}/{{dic_of_partys_booked_to_that_house}}/{{bans_from_that_house}}" and the "group_management/{{group_name}}/{{dic_of_members}}", they work similarly but the house one has one more variable in the link bc the page shows one more table. Each of the table has a button to add and one button to remove parties/bans.